Add a second downtime example by monitor name (#10895)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/monitors/downtimes.md

4. To schedule a downtime on more than one group (e.g. `service:synthesizer`, `service:consul`, etc.), you can create an additional downtime per group. 

**Example 2: Mute notifications for a specific environment of a monitor grouped by `env` and `service`**

> 1. To schedule downtime on one of the groups (in this case, `env:dev`), that group is entered in the `Group scope` field.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. To schedule downtime on one of the groups (in this case, `env:dev`), enter that group in the `Group scope` field.
```

2. **Preview affected monitors** indicates that the monitor chosen is still in scope, so alerts for the group `env:dev` are muted during the scheduled downtime.

{{< img src="monitors/downtimes/downtime_examplebyname2_downtime.jpg" alt="downtime by monitor name with dev environment in scope" style="width:80%;">}}

3. Scheduled downtime begins, and alerts are muted for the group `env:dev` **and** any service related to the `dev` environment.

{{< img src="monitors/downtimes/downtime_examplebyname2_monitor.jpg" alt="group status shows dev environment and related services muted during downtime" style="width:80%;">}}

> 4. To schedule a downtime on more than one “group by” (e.g. `env:dev` AND `service:web-store`), you can add the additional scope to the downtime.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. To schedule a downtime on more than one “group by” (e.g. `env:dev` AND `service:web-store`), add the additional scope to the downtime.
```
